---
title: Up & Up
layout: posts
permalink: /up-and-up
category: identity & packaging
image: /assets/img/up&up_hero.png
---
Up & Up is one of largest in-house brands of any store. It is a brand under Target
corporation that contains approximately 800 different products, including colored
pencils. Currently, the art supplies are similar to simpler competitors, such as Crayola,
that offer a set of a variety of colors. With this design, the brand is transitioning to
connect to fine art brands, such as Prismacolor, by offer a set of 6 different eight-color
palettes. Each box and set is distinct while still connecting together as a cohesive brand.

#### Solution

Up & Up colored pencils are marketed towards children. More
specifically, the packaging intends to convince parents, who
represent the majority of shoppers at Target, that this product is
a great gift for their child. Children are more attracted to brighter
colors because their eyes are still developing so the series utilizes
highly saturated primary and secondary colors. This intends to
catch the eye of children exploring the store or convince parents
that their child will love the pencils as much as they love other
brightly-colored products, such as toys or playgrounds.

The colors chosen were mainly picked to match the colored
pencils inside of the packages. It was also important to keep a
high level of contrast between the different boxes so each set
seemed unique. The green is for a set of green colors and the
blue for a set of blue colors. For the pastel set, pastel colors
include baby blues and light yellows but when searching pastel
colors the first colors to appear are always pinks and lavenders.
A mix of pink and lavender seemed to more wholly represent
the contents. For the “Skin & Friends,” which is a nude set, it was
important to keep the theme of bright colors. If you increase
the brightness and saturation many of the nude color the color
becomes a red or an orange, so red was used for the packaging.
For “Shiny & Bright,” neon colors are mainly used for lights so a
warm color was selected to represent the warmth given off by
light bulbs. The set that has a variety of colors, “Art & School,”
is intended to be the most bought set. Yellow relates to the #2
pencil, school buses, and other products that have connotations
of elementary school.